Hey, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Miss Jiang is quite right.
Mr. Jiang, Mr. Jiang, I'm sorry, right?
They forced me to fire you
You hit people and don't go to the villain to cry
Please forgive me this time
I was wrong. I was wrong.
I don't want to go back to this job.
Our whole family
I'm begging you, Mr. Qiao
If you hadn't told me in the first place
Design in the future
Whoever dares to take you back
Who is my father Liu Jianguo?
Let me go first
Brother Mo, what the hell are you doing?
I will stand up for you.
No one can bully my wife, be honest
Did you already know that Shengshi involves
And to be scrutinized
Is there any news of the acquisition?
I said, no wonder you yesterday
Late, you still made a fuss with me about designing the facility
Give it to me.
It turned out that it was Gut Zhu who told you that kind of news
It seems he still can't accept my true identity
Brother Mo Dog's work is not divided into high and low
I don't mind if you earn less.
So
You don't have to use your social connections to handle it for me anymore
Me?
I just don't want you to work so hard.
Brother Meng Bo, you have to believe me
I believe you are older than me and capable of supporting this family
Ute lives there
You tell him
Don't give me the location of the general manager of facility design
I have to rely on my own efforts
Become an industry graduate
Honey, how cool are you?
Right?
Hello, Xiao Li
I heard you got your license
How did you know
Not your mother
The whole world preaches that you followed a poor boy
And scolded you for kicking people backwards
I'm pissed off.
Come to Shangdao Coffee and explain it to me quickly.
I'm not at work yet. How can I come?
If you don't come within 10 minutes, sister, you don't have to do it.